Add Community case (#1489)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: _posts/2021-02-03-social-messaging-with-elixir.markdown

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet tw-align-center" data-cards="hidden"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">All right, let&#39;s try something new. If you’re in the United States, send me a text at 773-365-9687 — I want to hear how you&#39;re doing, what&#39;s on your mind, and how you&#39;re planning on voting this year. <br><br>I&#39;ll be in touch from time to time to share what&#39;s on my mind, too. <a href="https://t.co/NX91bSqbtG">pic.twitter.com/NX91bSqbtG</a></p>&mdash; Barack Obama (@BarackObama) <a href="https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/1308769164190941187?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 23, 2020</a></blockquote><script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## The first steps with Elixir

Tomas Koci and Ustin Zarubin were the two engineers behind Community's initial implementation. The company was pivoting from a product they had written in Go and they felt the language was not expressive enough for the products they were building. So when faced with the challenge of developing a social messaging platform on top of SMS, they were open to trying a different stack.

> Their first encounter with Elixir was a casual one. They were chatting about the challenges ahead of them when their roommate mentioned Elixir. Shortly after, things started to click. They both had a physics background, so they found the functional paradigm quite intuitive. The Erlang VM also has its origins in Telecommunications, and they were building a telecom centric product, which gave them more confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their first encounter with Elixir was a casual one. They were chatting about the challenges ahead of them when their roommate mentioned Elixir. Shortly after, things started to click. They both had a physics background, so they found the functional paradigm quite intuitive. The Erlang VM also has its origins in telecommunications, and they were building a telecom centric product, which gave them more confidence.
```

He continues: "both GenStage and Broadway have been essential in providing abstractions to handle these requirements. They provide back-pressure, ensure that spikes never overload the system, and guarantee we never send more messages than the amount defined by our delivery partners". As they implemented the same patterns over and over in different services, they found Broadway to provide the ideal abstraction level for them.

Their most in-demand service, the message hub, is powered by only five machines. They use [Apache Mesos](https://mesos.apache.org/) to coordinate deployments.

## Growing the team

Community's engineering team has seen stable growth over the last two years. Today they are 25 backend engineers, the majority being Elixir devs, and the company extends beyond 120 employees.

Karl Matthias, who joined early on, believes the challenges they face and the excitement for working on a new language has been positive for hiring talent. He details: "we try to hire the best production engineers we can, sometimes they know Elixir, sometimes they don't. Our team has generally seen learning Elixir as a positive and exciting experience".

> The team is also happy and confident about the stability Elixir provides. Karl adds: "Elixir supervisors have our back every time something goes wrong. They automatically reestablish connections to RabbitMQ, they handled dropped database connections, etc. The system never went wrong to the point our infrastructure layer had to kick-in, which has been quite refreshing."

Reviewer: This paragraph has mixed tense. Not sure if this suggestion is better.

```suggestion
The team is also happy and confident about the stability Elixir provides. Karl adds: "Elixir supervisors have our back every time something goes wrong. They automatically reestablish connections to RabbitMQ, they handle dropped database connections, etc. The system has never gone wrong to the point our infrastructure layer had to kick-in, which has been quite refreshing."
```
